icicle v 1.0.0 docs (#10)
ingonyama-zk/developer-docs: docs/grants.md

# Ingonyama Grant programs

> Ingonyama understand the importance of building a vibrant community of researchers and builders to advance ZK. To encourage progress we are not only developing in the open but also sharing resources with researchers and builders through various programs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ingonyama understands the importance of supporting and fostering a vibrant community of researchers and builders to advance ZK. To encourage progress, we are not only developing in the open but also sharing resources with researchers and builders through various programs.
```
